
app-editors/vim +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
app-emulation/vice +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
app-office/libreoffice +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
app-shells/bash +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
app-text/texlive-core +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
dev-java/icedtea* +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
dev-lang/python +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
dev-lang/rust +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
dev-lang/tcl +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
dev-libs/icu +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
dev-qt/qtcore +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
dev-qt/qtscript +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
games-emulation/dosbox +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
games-rpg/freedroidrpg +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
mail-client/thunderbird +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
media-gfx/gimp +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
media-libs/libcaca +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
media-sound/audacity +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
media-sound/timidity++ +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
sci-mathematics/octave +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
sys-fs/encfs +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
www-client/firefox +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
www-client/palemoon +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
sys-apps/sandbox +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
#dev-libs/gjs +fgraphite* +floop-* +fipa-pta
